At that time, I also invited you to come and have a glass of wedding wine
Definitely, definitely, definitely
Oh, dear.
This talented woman
This is a match made in heaven, yes, yes, hahahaha.
Did you make a mistake?
I am your widow
Wise and Martial
How could you be wrong?
Mu Guiying, you are just a bed warmer
You don't want to be the general's wife, do you?
I don't want to hear it from you.
I want to tell you what it means.
Well, I'll tell you myself.
The second thing I want to announce
Xiaoqi
I have something to do
The champion of the dynasty
Several expeditions
Martial sword skills
Today, it is even more favored by female coaches
Stab the Phoenix
He will take over as the coach tomorrow.
And you and I are old-fashioned shrews
How can I be worthy of my position as the wife of a general?
I don't deserve it.
Don't forget
I got my driver's license seven years ago
You can go north and join the army
I have been giving birth to children and taking care of the elderly all these years
You can do great things.
achieve fame
You once said
May you be a prodigal phoenix
You want to carry eight palanquins
Bring me back to the door, have you forgotten?
That's enough!
Laundry and cooking with children
Are these what I need?
Any lesbian woman on the street can do it
It's worth mentioning.
Wu Guiying, you are really lowly
Pardon me?
All I need is the woman who keeps me soaring
I'm lying there like you.
Except for having a baby
A woman who knows nothing